hello and hello welcome to the 68th
Annual Golden Globe Awards live from the
Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles it's
going to be a night of partying and
heavy drinking or as Charlie Sheen calls
it breakfast Wow
whoa so let's get this straight what he
did was he he picked up a porn star um
paid her to have dinner with him
introduced her to his ex wife as you do
went to old towel got got drunk got
naked trashed the place while she was
locked in the cupboard and that was a
Monday what what did he do New Year's
Eve anyway welcome the Golden Globes is
celebration of the best in TV and movies
over the last year voted for by the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association it
was a big year for 3d movies Toy Story
Despicable Me Tron seems like everything
this year was 3-dimensional except the
characters in The Tourist I I feel bad
about that joke I know now I tell you
why I'm jumping on the bandwagon cuz I
haven't even seen the tourist who has
and but no it must be good because it's
nominated so shut up okay and I'd like
to quash this ridiculous rumor going
round that the only reason the tourist
was nominated was so the Hollywood
Foreign Press could hang out with Johnny
Depp and Angelina Jolie that is that is
rubbish that is not the only reason they
also accepted bribes let's
No all that happened was some of them
were taken to see cher in concert how
the hell is that a bribe really do you
wanna go to see cher no why not cuz it's
not 1975 there were a lot of big films
that didn't get nominated this year
nothing for Sex in the City - and no I
was sure the Golden Globe for special
effects would go to the team that
airbrushed that poster what
great job girls we know how old you are
I saw one of you in an episode of
bonanza
also not nominated I love you Philip
Morris Jim Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor
to heterosexual actors pretending to be
gay so the complete opposite of some
famous Scientologists then
probably my lawyers helped me with a
wording of that joke
they're not here okay
there's been some great new TV drama
this year like Boardwalk Empire and The
Walking Dead so yeah
talking of The Walking Dead
congratulations to Hugh Hefner who was
getting married at the age of 84 to 24
year old Beauty Crystal Harris and when
she was asked why she was marrying him
she said because he lied about his age
he told me it was 94 oh come on
don't worry hold out and just just don't
look at it when you touch it
a warden and one of the biggest events
in TV this year was the finale of lost
one of my favorites and all the
questions were answered the air I have
to say though it was quite a complicated
finale I'm not sure I totally understood
it all but from what I can make out I'm
pretty sure the fat one at them all oh I
think
should we get on with it
our first presenter is beautiful
talented and Jewish apparently Mel
Gibson told me that he's obsessed um
please welcome Scarlett Johansson
like pac-man
okay you know our next presenter from
such films as Hudson Hawk look who's
talking
mercury rising color of night fifth
element hearts war
please welcome Ashton Kutcher's dad
Bruce Willis next up Eva Longoria has
the daunting task of introducing the
president of the Hollywood Foreign Press
that's nothing I just had to help him
off the toilet and pop his teeth in
whose messy please welcome but even sub
Gloria that's my favorite film of the
year and the creator of Facebook of
course Mark Zuckerberg is reportedly
worth seven billion dollars had the
mills calls him the one that got away
the net the next two presenters a funny
charming and down-to-earth
he's Alec from the rock she's just Jenny
from the block
if the blocking question is that one on
Rodeo Drive between cartier and Prada
please welcome Alec Baldwin and Jennifer
Lopez alright I love this next presenter
he's so cool um he's the star of Iron
Man two girls and a guy Wonder Boys
sorry these porn films what
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang Bowfinger really
yeah up the Academy come on he has done
all those films but many of you in this
room probably know him best from such
facilities as the Betty Ford Clinic and
Los Angeles County Jail please welcome
Robert Downey jr. okay the next
presenter is a true Hollywood icon in
ten of the biggest blockbusters of all
time he has shown his extraordinary
acting versatility
he has played a boxer and Rambo please
welcome Sylvester Stallone our next
presenters are two of the funniest
people in America she stole the show on
Saturday Night Live then went on to
create write and star their own show 30
rock he was a job in actor career not
going that well if I'm being totally
honest who who got his big break when I
cast him in a remake of a show that I
created called the office he's now
leaving that show and killing a cash cow
for both of us please welcome the
wonderful Tina Fey and the ungrateful
Steve Carell
welcome back now our next presenters a
young and thin with the hair and teeth
they're lovely to look at which is just
as well because they're presenting the
Award for Best Foreign Language Film a
category that no one in America cares
about
please welcome Olivia Wilde and Robert
Pattinson okay what can I say about our
next two presenters the first is an
actor producer writer and director whose
movies have grossed over three and a
half billion dollars at the box office
he's won two Academy Awards and three
Golden Globes for his powerful and
varied performances starring in such
films as Philadelphia Forrest Gump
castaway Apollo 13 and Saving Private
Ryan the other is Tim Allen hello and
welcome back
the next presenter is a national
treasure Miss Congeniality yourself this
down-to-earth girl next door first stole
our hearts as a bus driver and then as a
railway fare collector now of course she
wouldn't be seen dead on public
transport because she just said to me
backstage poor people are gross and they
smell bad
please welcome Sandra Bullock thank you
very much that's about it
well done justice there Thanks everyone
in the room for being good sports thanks
to NBC thanks the Hollywood Foreign
Press thank you for watching at home and
thank you to God for making me an
atheist thank you